README.md, before:

# Project: College Football State

[API](https://any-api.com/collegefootballdata_com/collegefootballdata_com/docs/API_Description)

## Login Page Goal

The login page will use a single predefined code for logging in. The page should resemble the Adobe "forgot password" functionality which uses a 6-digit code separated into boxes.

- Code: 012345

### Error States

- Entered non-numeric key
- Submitted wrong 6-digit code
- Submitted with empty

## Team Overview Page

The home page should be an overview of teams arranged in a grid of tiles.

- Pagination (React Router)
- Search functionality

We want to be able to select a team and see the upcoming games and the games of previous years. For previous games we want to be able to see the game details. Make use of a routing system.

---

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

- updated README - configured for use on heroku

README.md, after:

# Project: College Football State

[API](https://any-api.com/collegefootballdata_com/collegefootballdata_com/docs/API_Description)

## Login Page Goal

The login page will use a single predefined code for logging in. The page should resemble the Adobe "forgot password" functionality which uses a 6-digit code separated into boxes.

- Code: 012345

### Error States

- Entered non-numeric key
- Submitted wrong 6-digit code
- Submitted with empty

## Team Overview Page

The home page should be an overview of teams arranged in a grid of tiles.

- Pagination (React Router)
- Search functionality

We want to be able to select a team and see the upcoming games and the games of previous years. For previous games we want to be able to see the game details. Make use of a routing system.

---

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

## `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in production mode. It requires a build folder, made with `npm run build` This is configured for use on Heroku.\
Open [http://localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
